should you sell courses in today's world
no well damn it Neil let me start this
off real quick so let me explain why
before you guys on YouTube the I don't
want to see the retention graph like
disappear this is Neil
Patel helping you succeed through online
marketing courses used to be a really
they're still a really good way of
making money right and um a lot of
people especially in the internet
marketing World they would push courses
and some courses would do 20 30 $40
million a year or so um you know Tony
Robbins would do very very few by the
way most coaches don't even do $10
million or even five million a year but
yes keep going yes okay and um you know
Neil and I both used to do courses
before and I think our thinking is a
little different now in terms of courses
like I think courses still have their
there's a time and place for them but I
don't think the best way and neither
does Neil I don't think the best way to
use courses is to sell courses no I
don't think so either uh I
never look here I when I I used to sell
courses and this was a long time ago
Dude I think I haven't sold a course in
maybe sevenish years something long like
that right I haven't had MP digital that
long but we stopped it before we started
NP digital and I don't know what the
exact profit numbers we got to but I
know our peak in course Revenue was
around like $600,000 a month now we've
done launches and stuff and we've had
you know over a million dollars in a
month but that doesn't count right I'm
talking about this consistency it it
wasn't hard to hit 300 400 even 500 and
600,000 a month in Revenue the issue we
had in 600 was hard to maintain by the
way but call it three four 500,000
wasn't a big deal at all and most of it
dropped to the bottom line in which a
lot of it was profit I'm not talking
about like 30% or 40% well above 50% was
profit sometimes 60 70 80% was profit
now the issue you end up having is if
you're making all this money from a
course and this is what people get wrong
they think it's a great business but you
know it's a better business business not
having the course if someone was want to
spent $100 or $1,000 on a course or $9
on a course you could have made way more
money selling something else now what is
that something else it varies per
industry and it varies on what you do
but like for me why the heck would I
sell a course for
9.97 when I can sell consulting services
for $10 million a year no joke we've had
clients spend you know over $10 million
with us why would you want people to pay
pay you thousands of dollars for a
course or hundreds of dollars or even
$10 when you can make money on something
bigger the market for selling marketing
Services is much bigger than courses the
people who are buying the courses could
have just paid us for marketing SP it's
like Google probably looks at what we do
and they're like why would we want to
sell Services when we can just sell ad
spots they're right they make way more
money from the ad spots I don't have the
platform that they do so I can't do what
they do but that's a much better
business than mine you know you look at
HubSpot hubspot's like why would we want
to sell service Services when we can
sell reoccurring software and just give
away a lot for free and crush your
competition they got into the game early
it would be tough for me to do what they
do not impossible but really tough to
build a business at their size now I
taken some of these guys' playbooks and
applied it to the services spased
business and it was much more effective
for me to do that than it was to sell
ebooks and courses remember back in the
day Neil when you used to sell like a
course and then you would give a free
hour of your time or something like that
dude oh my God that so bad I would sell
the course for
$97 and then I would give everyone a 30
minute phone call the ROI there did not
add up and uh what's crazy is I was like
oh this is great it's spread only like
17 to 20% of the people are taking me up
on the phone call you know and then my
co-founder not in the course business
but my co-founder my Ad Agency my camo
like dude we should remove that and this
was years ago before he was my
co-founder and then it happened where I
like huh conversions didn't change
change it ended up being the same thing
I was this is great the the name of the
game here is is if you're looking to
create any type of content what you're
trying to do is you're trying to create
Goodwill at the end of the day and
that's what will compound over time but
trying to make a deposit and withdraw
too early that will stop the Goodwill
building dude I'm with you give away the
courses for free don't charge from it's
a crap business make money from
something else now if you have any
questions leave a comment below I'm here
to answer them and help you out if you
enjoy the video like it share tell
people about it thank you very much